✨ Add ADR-22 `Decommission Maintenance Pages Platform` (#331)
ministryofjustice/operations-engineering-runbooks: source/documentation/adrs/adr-022.html.erb.md

the time to invest into this problem domain at the moment. This problem domain also does
not easily fit into the core offering that Operations Engineering maintains.

### Symptoms

#### Little Engagement With The Platform

Since the platforms initial inception, 4 years ago, there has been little to no engagement
with the platform from both existing users, new users and Operations Engineering.

Since the initial on boarding of several pages, there have been no new requests for the
platforms services. This is potentially a symptom of the platform providing minimal value
compared to alternative solutions for teams, or the platform only being valuable to a small
set of users/use cases, or minimal awareness throughout the organisation of the platform
and it's services.

Operations Engineering have also not maintained the platform to ensure that it is secure,
address technical debt, and ensure the platform aligns with organisational standards due
to lack of time to invest in the platform.

## Options

### 1. Keep Maintenance Pages Platform As Is

**Pros**

- No operational changes required for current users

**Cons**

- Maintenance requirements, which is time consuming for the team

> - Operations Engineering have to support technology that is does not align with the team technical skills

Reviewer: An extra "is" has appeared 👀
suggestion: delete "is"

Reviewer: also, add "team's" rather than "team"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Operations Engineering have to support technology that does not align with the team's technical skills
```
